today we're checking out these play-doh
bunny & chick stampers they're from
Target and they cost about five dollars
they have from what I can tell play-doh
inside you can make this play-doh Easter
egg and also stamp your play-doh very
cute packaging it says it has a point of
logo right here and it's pretty thick
Easter egg shell has little feet and it
has the play-doh warning that it
contains wheat which is appreciated
because we are a food allergy family
luckily wheat is not one of our
allergies very cute actually
okay let's see the play Oh more
packaging can you believe it you really
don't want this stuff to dry out that's
weird
usually you know play-doh only comes in
this without any fussing around it so
it's a pretty small amount but of course
not a whole lot is gonna fit anything
glue in one orange in the other mommy
and Johnny definitely you need to help
little kids openness on Easter morning
okay let's go ahead and let's do some
stamping first okay it looks like this
one makes a little chick and some feet
there's the feet now we'll make the
Easter etiquette tells us to form an egg
shape make two long skinny lines and a
couple of dots wrap them around the egg
and there you have it let's go ahead and
make so there you have it two little
bunny and chick play-doh stampers they
come with play-doh inside a chunk of
orange and a chunk of blue and you can
make it
and also stamp out a little carrot and a
little chin